MVR Docs (#293)
MystenLabs/suins-contracts: documentation/pages/move-registry/mvr-names.mdx

// and register packages later.
```

> ## Setting Application Metadata

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Setting application metadata
```

> Metadata can be optionally added to an application. The appCap must be provided, along with a key/value pair.

Reviewer 2: It is recommended to add them, rephrase a bit?

> Metadata is strongly recommended for any application. The appCap must be provided, along with a key/value pair.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metadata is strongly recommended for any application. Provide the `appCap` along with a key-value pair.
```

> Key should be `description`, `icon_url`, `documentation_url`, `homepage_url`, or `contact`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Key can be `description`, `icon_url`, `documentation_url`, `homepage_url`, or `contact`.
```

```typescript
const transaction = new Transaction();

transaction.moveCall({
    target: `@mvr/core::move_registry::set_metadata`,
    arguments: [

>         // the registry obj: Can also be resolved as `registry-obj@mvr` from mainnet SuiNS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // the registry obj: Can also be resolved as `registry-obj@mvr` from Mainnet SuiNS.
```
